develop: refactor PyMySQL dev guide (#14622)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-insert-data.md

For complete examples in Python, see:

> - [Use PyMySQL to build a simple CRUD app with TiDB and Python](/develop/dev-guide-sample-application-python-pymysql.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Connect to TiDB with PyMySQL](/develop/dev-guide-sample-application-python-pymysql.md)
```
